# E_Commerce_Database_Project

This project aims to create an **e-commerce dataset**, which provides information on products, users and orders, and their relationships. In the planned web application, users can filter and select products by their category, brand and price range. User can also add products to their Favorites. 

There are **7 entities ** in the dataset: product, brand, category, user, review, order detail and favorites. **Product**, as an important entity, has attributes productID, brand, category, rating and price. Each product belongs to exactly one **brand** and one **category**, and each category (or brand) can contain different products. **User** is another important entity with primary key userID. User can be either a seller or a customer through ISA hierarchy. A **seller** can sell multiple products but a specific product with its unique productID only belongs to one seller. **Customers** make orders when they buy products. **Order detail** is an entity that records transaction information. If a customer makes an order containing 3 products, then 3 rows are inserted in order detail table and each row has unique order_detail_ID.  Each order detail matches exactly one product but a product can belong to multiple order details. Also, customer can write reviews after purchasing products. **Review** entity has attributes reviewID, productID, reviews and rating. A specific review is added by exactly one customer while a customer can write multiple reviews. A review belongs to exactly one product but a product can have multiple reviews apparently. Additionally, customer can add products to their **Favorites**, which is another entity. Favorite entity is in weak-entity relationship with customer. Favorites entity has userID and productID together as its primary key, so each favorite entry(row) matches to exactly one product while a product may be included in multiple favorites.  In this project, we are planning to use as much real data as possible. However, in the case when real data in unavailable, we will make up data.

